commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:396:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:404:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:466:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:474:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:699:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'AccurateMath': 'log' is already in scope
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:715:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'AccurateMath': 'log' is already in scope
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:745:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'AccurateMath': 'log' is already in scope
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:768:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:777:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:1193:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'lnCoef_last' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:1207:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'lnCoef_i' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:1259:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'lnCoef_last' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:1273:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'lnCoef_i' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:1500:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'AccurateMath': 'pow' is already in scope
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:1506:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'AccurateMath': 'pow' is already in scope
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:1533:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:1548:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:1566:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'result'
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:1661:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:1661:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:1677:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:1709:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'Split': 'NAN' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:1713:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'AccurateMath': 'abs' is already in scope
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:1714:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'AccurateMath': 'copySign' is already in scope
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:1716:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'Split': 'NEGATIVE_INFINITY' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:1718:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'Split': 'POSITIVE_INFINITY' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:1790:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:1934:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:2026:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:2030:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:2554:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:2558:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:2917:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:3436:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:3462:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:3678:	MethodNamingConventions:	The static method name 'IEEEremainder' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:3688:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'AccurateMath': 'rint' is already in scope
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:3690:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'AccurateMath': 'copySign' is already in scope
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:4070:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this PrintStream object are closed after use
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:4097:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'AccurateMath': 'EXP_INT_TABLE_LEN' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:4098:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'AccurateMath': 'EXP_INT_TABLE_LEN' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:4104:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'AccurateMath': 'EXP_INT_TABLE_MAX_INDEX' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:4106:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'AccurateMath': 'EXP_INT_TABLE_MAX_INDEX' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:4107:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'AccurateMath': 'EXP_INT_TABLE_MAX_INDEX' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:4112:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'AccurateMath': 'EXP_INT_TABLE_MAX_INDEX' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:4113:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'AccurateMath': 'EXP_INT_TABLE_MAX_INDEX' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:4137:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'AccurateMath': 'EXP_FRAC_TABLE_LEN' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:4138:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'AccurateMath': 'EXP_FRAC_TABLE_LEN' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:4157:	ClassNamingConventions:	The class name 'lnMant' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMath.java:4163:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'AccurateMath': 'LN_MANT_LEN' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathCalc.java:100:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'SINE_TABLE_A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathCalc.java:100:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'SINE_TABLE_B' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathCalc.java:101:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'COSINE_TABLE_A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathCalc.java:101:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'COSINE_TABLE_B' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathCalc.java:102:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'SINE_TABLE_LEN' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathCalc.java:102:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'TANGENT_TABLE_A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathCalc.java:102:	FormalParameterNamingConventions:	The method parameter name 'TANGENT_TABLE_B' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathCalc.java:331:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathCalc.java:350:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/core/jdkmath/JdkMath.java:729:	MethodNamingConventions:	The static method name 'IEEEremainder' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-examples/examples-sofm/tsp/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/examples/sofm/tsp/TravellingSalesmanSolver.java:111:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this ExecutorService object are closed after use
commons-math/commons-math-examples/examples-sofm/tsp/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/examples/sofm/tsp/TravellingSalesmanSolver.java:127:	AvoidInstanceofChecksInCatchClause:	An instanceof check is being performed on the caught exception.  Create a separate catch clause for this exception type.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArrays.java:615:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArrays.java:1099:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArrays.java:1122:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'TreeSet'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArrays.java:1123:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/Dfp.java:348:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/Dfp.java:354:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/Dfp.java:360:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/Dfp.java:436:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/Dfp.java:518:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/Dfp.java:1791:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/Dfp.java:1791:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/Dfp.java:2094:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/Dfp.java:2095:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/Dfp.java:2096:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/Dfp.java:2187:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/Dfp.java:2188:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/Dfp.java:2189:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/Dfp.java:2190:	AssignmentInOperand:	Avoid assignments in operands
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/DfpDec.java:198:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/DfpDec.java:202:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/DfpField.java:548:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/DfpField.java:576:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	Singleton is not thread safe
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/DfpMath.java:44:	AvoidProtectedMethodInFinalClassNotExtending:	Avoid protected methods in a final class that doesnt extend anything other than Object.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/DfpMath.java:65:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/DfpMath.java:93:	AvoidProtectedMethodInFinalClassNotExtending:	Avoid protected methods in a final class that doesnt extend anything other than Object.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/DfpMath.java:109:	AvoidProtectedMethodInFinalClassNotExtending:	Avoid protected methods in a final class that doesnt extend anything other than Object.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/DfpMath.java:135:	AvoidProtectedMethodInFinalClassNotExtending:	Avoid protected methods in a final class that doesnt extend anything other than Object.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/DfpMath.java:152:	AvoidProtectedMethodInFinalClassNotExtending:	Avoid protected methods in a final class that doesnt extend anything other than Object.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/DfpMath.java:286:	AvoidProtectedMethodInFinalClassNotExtending:	Avoid protected methods in a final class that doesnt extend anything other than Object.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/DfpMath.java:431:	AvoidProtectedMethodInFinalClassNotExtending:	Avoid protected methods in a final class that doesnt extend anything other than Object.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/DfpMath.java:664:	AvoidProtectedMethodInFinalClassNotExtending:	Avoid protected methods in a final class that doesnt extend anything other than Object.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/DfpMath.java:693:	AvoidProtectedMethodInFinalClassNotExtending:	Avoid protected methods in a final class that doesnt extend anything other than Object.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/DfpMath.java:827:	AvoidProtectedMethodInFinalClassNotExtending:	Avoid protected methods in a final class that doesnt extend anything other than Object.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/IntegerSequenceTest.java:255:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'inc'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/IntegerSequenceTest.java:276:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/IntegerSequenceTest.java:299:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:195:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:202:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:209:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:216:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:223:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:315:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:321:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:337:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:343:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:359:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:365:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:381:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:387:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:421:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:427:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:506:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:513:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:519:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:525:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:553:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:560:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:567:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:574:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:581:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:644:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:650:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:656:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:662:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:668:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:674:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:680:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:686:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:692:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:767:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:773:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/MathArraysTest.java:779:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/PairTest.java:109:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/DfpDecTest.java:58:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/DfpMathTest.java:67:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/DfpTest.java:75:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/DfpTest.java:377:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/DfpTest.java:383:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/DfpTest.java:389:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/DfpTest.java:395:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/dfp/DfpTest.java:1663:	SimplifiedTernary:	This conditional expression can be simplified with || or &&
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathStrictComparisonTest.java:118:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathStrictComparisonTest.java:118:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:266:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:290:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:314:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:353:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'EXACT' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:418:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'EXACT' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:419:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'DOUBLES' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:575:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'TOO_BIG_TO_CALCULATE' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:691:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:707:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:734:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:763:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:792:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:821:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:852:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:891:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:917:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:940:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:963:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1026:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1048:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1070:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1092:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1130:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1151:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1372:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'EXACT' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1373:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'DOUBLES' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1385:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'INTS' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1557:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1583:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1611:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1640:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1669:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1698:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1727:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1756:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1794:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1815:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1837:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1866:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1887:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1909:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-core/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/core/jdkmath/AccurateMathTest.java:1967:	AvoidDecimalLiteralsInBigDecimalConstructor:	Avoid creating BigDecimal with a decimal (float/double) literal. Use a String literal
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-exception/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/exception/NonMonotonicSequenceException.java:82:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-exception/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/exception/util/ExceptionContext.java:179:	AssignmentInOperand:	Avoid assignments in operands
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-exception/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/exception/NotFiniteNumberExceptionTest.java:31:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-exception/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/exception/NotFiniteNumberExceptionTest.java:37:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-exception/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/exception/NotFiniteNumberExceptionTest.java:43:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-exception/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/exception/NotFiniteNumberExceptionTest.java:53:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-exception/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/exception/NotFiniteNumberExceptionTest.java:59:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-exception/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/exception/NotFiniteNumberExceptionTest.java:65:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-exception/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/exception/NullArgumentExceptionTest.java:32:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-exception/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/exception/NullArgumentExceptionTest.java:42:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-exception/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/exception/util/ExceptionContextTest.java:126:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-math/commons-math-legacy-exception/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/exception/util/LocalizedFormatsTest.java:76:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/differentiation/DSCompiler.java:355:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/differentiation/DSCompiler.java:378:	OptimizableToArrayCall:	This call to Collection.toArray() may be optimizable
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/differentiation/DSCompiler.java:489:	OptimizableToArrayCall:	This call to Collection.toArray() may be optimizable
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/differentiation/DSCompiler.java:767:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/differentiation/DSCompiler.java:1731:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/BaseAbstractUnivariateIntegrator.java:214:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/gauss/GaussIntegrator.java:93:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/gauss/LegendreHighPrecisionRuleFactory.java:95:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'b_two_j_p_1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/gauss/LegendreHighPrecisionRuleFactory.java:96:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'b_j' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/gauss/LegendreHighPrecisionRuleFactory.java:97:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'b_j_p_1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/gauss/LegendreHighPrecisionRuleFactory.java:139:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'b_two_j_p_1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/gauss/LegendreHighPrecisionRuleFactory.java:140:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'b_j' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/gauss/LegendreHighPrecisionRuleFactory.java:141:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'b_j_p_1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/gauss/LegendreHighPrecisionRuleFactory.java:191:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'b_j' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/gauss/LegendreHighPrecisionRuleFactory.java:192:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'b_j_p_1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/gauss/LegendreRuleFactory.java:66:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'two_j_p_1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/gauss/LegendreRuleFactory.java:67:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'j_p_1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/gauss/SymmetricGaussIntegrator.java:84:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunction.java:394:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'PolynomialFunction': 'evaluate' is already in scope
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java:38:	GenericsNaming:	Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/BaseAbstractUnivariateSolver.java:310:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/BaseSecantSolver.java:169:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/BaseUnivariateSolver.java:39:	GenericsNaming:	Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/BracketedUnivariateSolver.java:46:	GenericsNaming:	Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/LaguerreSolver.java:159:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/LaguerreSolver.java:349:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/LaguerreSolver.java:360:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/MullerSolver.java:159:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/MullerSolver.java:160:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/RiddersSolver.java:101:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/RiddersSolver.java:102:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/SecantSolver.java:104:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EmpiricalDistribution.java:127:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EmpiricalDistribution.java:195:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/fitting/MultivariateNormalMixtureExpectationMaximization.java:336:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/fitting/MultivariateNormalMixtureExpectationMaximization.java:339:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/fitting/MultivariateNormalMixtureExpectationMaximization.java:409:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/field/linalg/FieldDenseMatrix.java:330:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/field/linalg/FieldLUDecomposition.java:314:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'pRow'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/SimpleCurveFitter.java:260:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/DifferentiatorVectorMultivariateJacobianFunction.java:89:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'getPartialDerivative(UnivariateVectorFunction, double)'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/genetics/BinaryChromosome.java:91:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/genetics/CycleCrossover.java:159:	AssignmentInOperand:	Avoid assignments in operands
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/genetics/OnePointCrossover.java:112:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/AbstractFieldMatrix.java:273:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/AbstractFieldMatrix.java:282:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java:54:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/AbstractRealMatrix.java:200:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrix.java:42:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVector.java:105:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVector.java:548:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVector.java:562:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVector.java:615:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVector.java:637:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayRealVector.java:600:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayRealVector.java:673:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BigReal.java:136:	AvoidDecimalLiteralsInBigDecimalConstructor:	Avoid creating BigDecimal with a decimal (float/double) literal. Use a String literal
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BigReal.java:259:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BigReal.java:274:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BigReal.java:317:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition} && {thenBranch};`
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrix.java:214:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrix.java:818:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrix.java:1157:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrix.java:1172:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrix.java:1187:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrix.java:1203:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java:206:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java:650:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java:829:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java:1166:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java:1178:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java:1191:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrix.java:1204:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/DefaultFieldMatrixChangingVisitor.java:47:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/DefaultFieldMatrixPreservingVisitor.java:47:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/DefaultFieldMatrixPreservingVisitor.java:52:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/DefaultRealMatrixChangingVisitor.java:33:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/DefaultRealMatrixPreservingVisitor.java:33:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/DefaultRealMatrixPreservingVisitor.java:38:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/DiagonalMatrix.java:362:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/EigenDecomposition.java:92:	SingularField:	Perhaps 'transformer' could be replaced by a local variable.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/EigenDecomposition.java:239:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/EigenDecomposition.java:833:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/EigenDecomposition.java:910:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/HessenbergTransformer.java:108:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtils.java:693:	AvoidAccessibilityAlteration:	You should not modify visibility of constructors, methods or fields using setAccessible()
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtils.java:699:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'NoSuchFieldException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtils.java:799:	AvoidAccessibilityAlteration:	You should not modify visibility of constructors, methods or fields using setAccessible()
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtils.java:805:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'NoSuchFieldException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java:469:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/OpenIntToDoubleHashMap.java:568:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/OpenIntToFieldHashMap.java:481:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/OpenIntToFieldHashMap.java:580:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RRQRDecomposition.java:174:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java:54:	SingleMethodSingleton:	Class contains multiple getInstance methods. Please review.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealMatrixFormat.java:222:	SingletonClassReturningNewInstance:	getInstance method always creates a new object and hence does not comply to Singleton Design Pattern behaviour. Please review
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorFormat.java:43:	SingleMethodSingleton:	Class contains multiple getInstance methods. Please review.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorFormat.java:169:	SingletonClassReturningNewInstance:	getInstance method always creates a new object and hence does not comply to Singleton Design Pattern behaviour. Please review
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SchurTransformer.java:60:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SchurTransformer.java:204:	AssignmentInOperand:	Avoid assignments in operands
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SingularValueDecomposition.java:88:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SingularValueDecomposition.java:104:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'U' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SingularValueDecomposition.java:105:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'V' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SingularValueDecomposition.java:293:	LogicInversion:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SingularValueDecomposition.java:382:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SingularValueDecomposition.java:382:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SingularValueDecomposition.java:635:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealVector.java:31:	AbstractClassWithoutAnyMethod:	No abstract method which means that the keyword is most likely used to prevent instantiation. Use a private or protected constructor instead.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SymmLQ.java:423:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'SymmLQ': 'OPERATOR' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SymmLQ.java:424:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'SymmLQ': 'VECTOR1' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SymmLQ.java:425:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'SymmLQ': 'VECTOR2' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SymmLQ.java:426:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'SymmLQ': 'THRESHOLD' is already in scope because it is declared in an enclosing type
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ml/clustering/ClusterEvaluator.java:53:	LambdaCanBeMethodReference:	Lambda expression could be written as a method reference: `eval::score`
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ml/clustering/DBSCANClusterer.java:204:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ml/clustering/DoublePoint.java:64:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ml/clustering/FuzzyKMeansClusterer.java:247:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ml/clustering/evaluation/CalinskiHarabasz.java:165:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop:	Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ml/distance/EarthMoversDistance.java:37:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/ContinuousOutputFieldModel.java:159:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/ContinuousOutputModel.java:166:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/ContinuousOutputModel.java:309:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/ContinuousOutputModel.java:310:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/ContinuousOutputModel.java:311:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/FieldODEState.java:76:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/MultistepFieldIntegrator.java:327:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/ParameterizedWrapper.java:85:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/events/EventState.java:332:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'lmcee' on all code paths
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/events/EventState.java:343:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckFieldTransformer.java:190:	SingletonClassReturningNewInstance:	getInstance method always creates a new object and hence does not comply to Singleton Design Pattern behaviour. Please review
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AdamsNordsieckTransformer.java:194:	SingletonClassReturningNewInstance:	getInstance method always creates a new object and hence does not comply to Singleton Design Pattern behaviour. Please review
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/ClassicalRungeKuttaStepInterpolator.java:72:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java:378:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolator.java:392:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/EulerStepInterpolator.java:63:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/GillStepInterpolator.java:79:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/GraggBulirschStoerIntegrator.java:575:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/GraggBulirschStoerIntegrator.java:710:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/HighamHall54StepInterpolator.java:85:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/HighamHall54StepInterpolator.java:86:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/HighamHall54StepInterpolator.java:87:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/HighamHall54StepInterpolator.java:88:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/LutherStepInterpolator.java:56:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/LutherStepInterpolator.java:160:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/MidpointStepInterpolator.java:65:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/ThreeEighthesStepInterpolator.java:75:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java:504:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/sampling/AbstractStepInterpolator.java:544:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/sampling/DummyStepHandler.java:54:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/sampling/DummyStepHandler.java:70:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java:73:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/sampling/NordsieckStepInterpolator.java:155:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/AbstractConvergenceChecker.java:26:	GenericsNaming:	Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/AbstractOptimizationProblem.java:31:	GenericsNaming:	Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/BaseMultiStartMultivariateOptimizer.java:37:	GenericsNaming:	Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/BaseMultiStartMultivariateOptimizer.java:185:	AssignmentInOperand:	Avoid assignments in operands
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/BaseMultivariateOptimizer.java:34:	GenericsNaming:	Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/BaseOptimizer.java:37:	GenericsNaming:	Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/ConvergenceChecker.java:45:	GenericsNaming:	Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/OptimizationProblem.java:30:	GenericsNaming:	Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/SimplePointChecker.java:41:	GenericsNaming:	Generics names should be a one letter long and upper case.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/linear/SimplexSolver.java:401:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/MultivariateFunctionMappingAdapter.java:108:	LogicInversion:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/MultivariateFunctionPenaltyAdapter.java:138:	LogicInversion:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/Sigma.java:36:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/BOBYQAOptimizer.java:20:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.apache.commons.math4.legacy.analysis.MultivariateFunction'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/BOBYQAOptimizer.java:489:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/BOBYQAOptimizer.java:543:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/BOBYQAOptimizer.java:562:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/BOBYQAOptimizer.java:691:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/BOBYQAOptimizer.java:802:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/BOBYQAOptimizer.java:812:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/BOBYQAOptimizer.java:930:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/BOBYQAOptimizer.java:1122:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/BOBYQAOptimizer.java:1174:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/BOBYQAOptimizer.java:1199:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/BOBYQAOptimizer.java:1824:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/BOBYQAOptimizer.java:1827:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/BOBYQAOptimizer.java:1829:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/BOBYQAOptimizer.java:1831:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/BOBYQAOptimizer.java:1834:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/BOBYQAOptimizer.java:1883:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/BOBYQAOptimizer.java:2024:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/BOBYQAOptimizer.java:2032:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/BOBYQAOptimizer.java:2215:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	This switch case may be reached by fallthrough from the previous case
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/BOBYQAOptimizer.java:2369:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/BOBYQAOptimizer.java:2444:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 's'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/BOBYQAOptimizer.java:2465:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'BOBYQAOptimizer': 'caller' is already in scope
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java:146:	SingularField:	Perhaps 'logMu2' could be replaced by a local variable.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java:184:	SingularField:	Perhaps 'D' could be replaced by a local variable.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java:199:	SingularField:	Perhaps 'historySize' could be replaced by a local variable.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java:833:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition} && {thenBranch};`
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java:1229:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/CMAESOptimizer.java:1243:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/HedarFukushimaTransform.java:183:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java:66:	UnusedPrivateField:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'lineSearchRelativeThreshold'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/PowellOptimizer.java:68:	UnusedPrivateField:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'lineSearchAbsoluteThreshold'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/Simplex.java:331:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'Simplex': 'newPoint' is already in scope
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/univariate/BracketFinder.java:308:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/random/HaltonSequenceGenerator.java:156:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/random/SobolSequenceGenerator.java:96:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/random/SobolSequenceGenerator.java:111:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/random/SobolSequenceGenerator.java:112:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'IOException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/random/SobolSequenceGenerator.java:114:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/random/SobolSequenceGenerator.java:220:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/random/SobolSequenceGenerator.java:221:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'NoSuchElementException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/random/SobolSequenceGenerator.java:222:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/special/BesselJ.java:145:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	Unnecessary qualifier 'BesselJ': 'value' is already in scope
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/special/BesselJ.java:341:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/special/BesselJ.java:354:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/special/BesselJ.java:356:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtils.java:749:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/correlation/StorelessBivariateCovariance.java:89:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/DescriptiveStatistics.java:110:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/DescriptiveStatistics.java:196:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'ex' on all code paths
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/DescriptiveStatistics.java:468:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e1' on all code paths
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/DescriptiveStatistics.java:472:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e2' on all code paths
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/DescriptiveStatistics.java:657:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e1' on all code paths
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/DescriptiveStatistics.java:661:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e2' on all code paths
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/ResizableDoubleArray.java:362:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/ResizableDoubleArray.java:369:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/ResizableDoubleArray.java:394:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/ResizableDoubleArray.java:742:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/ResizableDoubleArray.java:822:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatistics.java:115:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/moment/FourthMoment.java:97:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/moment/Kurtosis.java:182:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/moment/Kurtosis.java:184:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/moment/SemiVariance.java:81:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/moment/SemiVariance.java:178:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/moment/SemiVariance.java:194:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/moment/Skewness.java:119:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/moment/Skewness.java:194:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java:181:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/moment/Variance.java:517:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/moment/VectorialCovariance.java:142:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition} || {elseBranch};`
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PSquarePercentile.java:207:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter:	Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PSquarePercentile.java:208:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter:	Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PSquarePercentile.java:211:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter:	Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PSquarePercentile.java:324:	SingularField:	Perhaps 'k' could be replaced by a local variable.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PSquarePercentile.java:533:	MissingOverride:	The method 'copy()' is missing an @Override annotation.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/Percentile.java:1158:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/RandomPivotingStrategy.java:30:	UnusedPrivateField:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'randomSource'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/ChiSquareTest.java:46:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/ChiSquareTest.java:279:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/ChiSquareTest.java:280:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/ChiSquareTest.java:480:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/GTest.java:263:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/GTest.java:268:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/GTest.java:293:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/GTest.java:296:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/KolmogorovSmirnovTest.java:495:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/KolmogorovSmirnovTest.java:633:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/KolmogorovSmirnovTest.java:671:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/KolmogorovSmirnovTest.java:964:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/KolmogorovSmirnovTest.java:984:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/KolmogorovSmirnovTest.java:1048:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTest.java:146:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/OneWayAnova.java:56:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/OneWayAnova.java:56:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/OneWayAnova.java:306:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/OneWayAnova.java:310:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTest.java:966:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTest.java:967:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTest.java:967:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/interval/AgrestiCoullInterval.java:41:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java:220:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java:315:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/ranking/NaturalRanking.java:415:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegression.java:261:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegression.java:272:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegression.java:497:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegression.java:626:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegression.java:834:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegression.java:884:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegression.java:944:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegression.java:1036:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegression.java:1057:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/OLSMultipleLinearRegression.java:228:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/RegressionResults.java:132:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/RegressionResults.java:170:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/RegressionResults.java:212:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java:254:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java:299:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java:611:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java:729:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java:848:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegression.java:858:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/util/ComplexFormat.java:38:	SingleMethodSingleton:	Class contains multiple getInstance methods. Please review.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/util/ComplexFormat.java:244:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/util/ComplexFormat.java:313:	SingletonClassReturningNewInstance:	getInstance method always creates a new object and hence does not comply to Singleton Design Pattern behaviour. Please review
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/util/ComplexFormat.java:328:	SingletonClassReturningNewInstance:	getInstance method always creates a new object and hence does not comply to Singleton Design Pattern behaviour. Please review
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/util/CompositeFormat.java:151:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/PerfTestUtils.java:140:	DoNotCallGarbageCollectionExplicitly:	Do not explicitly trigger a garbage collection.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/PerfTestUtils.java:161:	PreserveStackTrace:	Thrown exception does not preserve the stack trace of exception 'e' on all code paths
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/TestUtils.java:195:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/TestUtils.java:453:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/TestUtils.java:567:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/differentiation/DSCompilerTest.java:214:	AvoidAccessibilityAlteration:	You should not modify visibility of constructors, methods or fields using setAccessible()
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/differentiation/DSCompilerTest.java:401:	AvoidAccessibilityAlteration:	You should not modify visibility of constructors, methods or fields using setAccessible()
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/differentiation/DerivativeStructureTest.java:163:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/differentiation/DerivativeStructureTest.java:164:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/differentiation/DerivativeStructureTest.java:165:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/differentiation/DerivativeStructureTest.java:1380:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/differentiation/DerivativeStructureTest.java:1402:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/function/LogitTest.java:88:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/function/UnivariateDifferentiableFunctionTest.java:187:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'power2_5' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/function/UnivariateDifferentiableFunctionTest.java:216:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/MidPointIntegratorTest.java:154:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/MidPointIntegratorTest.java:161:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/MidPointIntegratorTest.java:168:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/RombergIntegratorTest.java:113:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/RombergIntegratorTest.java:120:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/RombergIntegratorTest.java:127:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/SimpsonIntegratorTest.java:114:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/SimpsonIntegratorTest.java:121:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/SimpsonIntegratorTest.java:128:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/SimpsonIntegratorTest.java:216:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/SimpsonIntegratorTest.java:254:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'b_a' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/SimpsonIntegratorTest.java:261:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/SimpsonIntegratorTest.java:270:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/SimpsonIntegratorTest.java:281:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/SimpsonIntegratorTest.java:379:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/TrapezoidIntegratorTest.java:112:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/TrapezoidIntegratorTest.java:119:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/TrapezoidIntegratorTest.java:126:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/gauss/BaseRuleFactoryTest.java:48:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this ThreadPoolExecutor object are closed after use
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/gauss/HermiteParametricTest.java:35:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/gauss/HermiteParametricTest.java:73:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/gauss/LegendreHighPrecisionParametricTest.java:34:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/gauss/LegendreHighPrecisionParametricTest.java:71:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/gauss/LegendreParametricTest.java:34:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/integration/gauss/LegendreParametricTest.java:71:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/AkimaSplineInterpolatorTest.java:48:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/AkimaSplineInterpolatorTest.java:56:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/AkimaSplineInterpolatorTest.java:65:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/AkimaSplineInterpolatorTest.java:74:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/AkimaSplineInterpolatorTest.java:84:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:55:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:62:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:69:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:75:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:81:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:87:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:95:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:101:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:107:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:113:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:302:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'N' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatorTest.java:51:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatorTest.java:59:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatorTest.java:67:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatorTest.java:74:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/BicubicInterpolatorTest.java:164:	AssignmentInOperand:	Avoid assignments in operands
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/DividedDifferenceInterpolatorTest.java:137:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/DividedDifferenceInterpolatorTest.java:145:	AvoidProtectedMethodInFinalClassNotExtending:	Avoid protected methods in a final class that doesnt extend anything other than Object.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/LinearInterpolatorTest.java:112:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/LinearInterpolatorTest.java:121:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/LinearInterpolatorTest.java:130:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/NevilleInterpolatorTest.java:137:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/NevilleInterpolatorTest.java:145:	AvoidProtectedMethodInFinalClassNotExtending:	Avoid protected methods in a final class that doesnt extend anything other than Object.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:52:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:59:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:66:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:74:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:82:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:90:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:98:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:106:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:115:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:124:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatorTest.java:49:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatorTest.java:56:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatorTest.java:63:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatorTest.java:71:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatorTest.java:79:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatorTest.java:87:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatorTest.java:95:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatorTest.java:103:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatorTest.java:112:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/PiecewiseBicubicSplineInterpolatorTest.java:121:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/SplineInterpolatorTest.java:171:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/SplineInterpolatorTest.java:180:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/SplineInterpolatorTest.java:189:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:56:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:65:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:74:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:83:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:91:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:99:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:107:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:115:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:123:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:131:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:139:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:148:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:156:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:164:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:172:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:180:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:188:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:196:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:204:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:213:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:221:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:229:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:237:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:245:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:253:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:261:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatingFunctionTest.java:269:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatorTest.java:47:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatorTest.java:54:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatorTest.java:61:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatorTest.java:68:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatorTest.java:75:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/interpolation/TricubicInterpolatorTest.java:82:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunctionLagrangeFormTest.java:152:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunctionLagrangeFormTest.java:161:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunctionNewtonFormTest.java:176:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunctionNewtonFormTest.java:185:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunctionTest.java:29:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunctionTest.java:134:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'f_coeff' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunctionTest.java:135:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'g_coeff' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunctionTest.java:136:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'h_coeff' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunctionTest.java:227:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'f_coeff' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunctionTest.java:228:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'g_coeff' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialFunctionTest.java:229:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'h_coeff' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialSplineFunctionTest.java:71:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialSplineFunctionTest.java:78:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialSplineFunctionTest.java:85:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialSplineFunctionTest.java:123:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialSplineFunctionTest.java:130:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialsUtilsTest.java:49:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'Tk' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialsUtilsTest.java:60:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'Tk0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialsUtilsTest.java:61:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'Tk1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialsUtilsTest.java:62:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'Tk2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialsUtilsTest.java:68:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'Tk0g0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialsUtilsTest.java:69:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'Tk1g1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialsUtilsTest.java:70:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'Tk2g2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialsUtilsTest.java:110:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'Hk0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialsUtilsTest.java:111:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'Hk1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialsUtilsTest.java:112:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'Hk2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialsUtilsTest.java:118:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'Hk0g0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialsUtilsTest.java:119:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'Hk1g1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialsUtilsTest.java:120:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'Hk2g2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialsUtilsTest.java:166:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'Lk0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialsUtilsTest.java:167:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'Lk1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialsUtilsTest.java:168:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'Lk2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialsUtilsTest.java:174:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'Lk0g0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialsUtilsTest.java:175:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'Lk1g1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialsUtilsTest.java:176:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'Lk2g2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialsUtilsTest.java:216:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'Pk0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialsUtilsTest.java:217:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'Pk1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialsUtilsTest.java:218:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'Pk2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialsUtilsTest.java:224:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'Pk0g0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialsUtilsTest.java:225:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'Pk1g1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/polynomials/PolynomialsUtilsTest.java:226:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'Pk2g2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/BaseSecantSolverAbstractTest.java:145:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/BaseSecantSolverAbstractTest.java:151:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/BaseSecantSolverAbstractTest.java:157:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/BrentSolverTest.java:158:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/BrentSolverTest.java:189:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/BrentSolverTest.java:195:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/BrentSolverTest.java:201:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/BrentSolverTest.java:222:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/LaguerreSolverTest.java:160:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/LaguerreSolverTest.java:167:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/MullerSolver2Test.java:146:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/MullerSolver2Test.java:153:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/MullerSolverTest.java:149:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/MullerSolverTest.java:156:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/RiddersSolverTest.java:142:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/RiddersSolverTest.java:149:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/analysis/solvers/UnivariateSolverUtilsTest.java:52:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/AbstractIntegerDistributionTest.java:82:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EmpiricalDistributionTest.java:48:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EmpiricalDistributionTest.java:50:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EmpiricalDistributionTest.java:52:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EmpiricalDistributionTest.java:60:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EmpiricalDistributionTest.java:62:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this BufferedReader object are closed after use
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EmpiricalDistributionTest.java:200:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'verifySame(EmpiricalDistribution, EmpiricalDistribution)'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EmpiricalDistributionTest.java:232:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'dist'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EmpiricalDistributionTest.java:238:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'testPoints'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EmpiricalDistributionTest.java:404:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EnumeratedIntegerDistributionTest.java:62:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EnumeratedIntegerDistributionTest.java:67:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EnumeratedIntegerDistributionTest.java:72:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EnumeratedIntegerDistributionTest.java:77:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EnumeratedIntegerDistributionTest.java:82:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EnumeratedIntegerDistributionTest.java:157:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EnumeratedRealDistributionTest.java:69:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EnumeratedRealDistributionTest.java:74:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EnumeratedRealDistributionTest.java:79:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EnumeratedRealDistributionTest.java:84:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EnumeratedRealDistributionTest.java:89:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/EnumeratedRealDistributionTest.java:177:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/IntegerDistributionAbstractTest.java:267:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/IntegerDistributionAbstractTest.java:273:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/IntegerDistributionAbstractTest.java:279:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/MultivariateNormalDistributionTest.java:87:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/RealDistributionAbstractTest.java:301:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/RealDistributionAbstractTest.java:307:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/RealDistributionAbstractTest.java:313:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/distribution/RealDistributionAbstractTest.java:356:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/field/linalg/FieldLUDecompositionTest.java:64:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'LU' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/filter/KalmanFilterTest.java:47:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/filter/KalmanFilterTest.java:49:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'B' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/filter/KalmanFilterTest.java:51:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'H' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/filter/KalmanFilterTest.java:53:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'Q' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/filter/KalmanFilterTest.java:55:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'R' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/filter/KalmanFilterTest.java:71:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/filter/KalmanFilterTest.java:73:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'B' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/filter/KalmanFilterTest.java:75:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'H' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/filter/KalmanFilterTest.java:77:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'Q' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/filter/KalmanFilterTest.java:79:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'R' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/filter/KalmanFilterTest.java:98:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/filter/KalmanFilterTest.java:100:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'B' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/filter/KalmanFilterTest.java:102:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'H' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/filter/KalmanFilterTest.java:106:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'Q' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/filter/KalmanFilterTest.java:108:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'R' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/filter/KalmanFilterTest.java:172:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/filter/KalmanFilterTest.java:176:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'B' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/filter/KalmanFilterTest.java:180:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'H' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/filter/KalmanFilterTest.java:191:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'Q' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/filter/KalmanFilterTest.java:195:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'P0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/filter/KalmanFilterTest.java:198:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'R' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/filter/KalmanFilterTest.java:336:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/filter/KalmanFilterTest.java:352:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'B' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/filter/KalmanFilterTest.java:360:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'H' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/filter/KalmanFilterTest.java:380:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'Q' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/filter/KalmanFilterTest.java:383:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'R' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/GaussianCurveFitterTest.java:405:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/WeightedObservedPointsTest.java:120:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition};`
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizerAbstractTest.java:240:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizerAbstractTest.java:359:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizerAbstractTest.java:385:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizerAbstractTest.java:444:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/AbstractLeastSquaresOptimizerAbstractTest.java:464:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/CircleProblem.java:41:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/CircleVectorial.java:29:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/EvaluationTest.java:124:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/EvaluationTest.java:275:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/EvaluationTest.java:314:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/EvaluationTest.java:315:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/EvaluationTestValidation.java:49:	ClassNamingConventions:	The class name 'EvaluationTestValidation' doesn't match '^Test.*$|^[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*Test(s|Case)?$'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithCholeskyTest.java:58:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithCholeskyTest.java:72:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithCholeskyTest.java:96:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithCholeskyTest.java:110:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithCholeskyTest.java:126:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithCholeskyTest.java:128:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'ConvergenceException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithCholeskyTest.java:128:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithLUTest.java:58:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithLUTest.java:72:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithLUTest.java:96:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithLUTest.java:110:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithLUTest.java:126:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithLUTest.java:128:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'ConvergenceException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithLUTest.java:128:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithQRTest.java:58:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithQRTest.java:82:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithQRTest.java:96:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithQRTest.java:112:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithQRTest.java:114:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'ConvergenceException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithQRTest.java:114:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithSVDTest.java:75:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithSVDTest.java:91:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithSVDTest.java:107:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithSVDTest.java:109:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'ConvergenceException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithSVDTest.java:109:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/GaussNewtonOptimizerWithSVDTest.java:121:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizerTest.java:90:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/LevenbergMarquardtOptimizerTest.java:140:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'DimensionMismatchException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/MinpackTest.java:618:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'theoreticalStartCost'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/MinpackTest.java:656:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'theoreticalStartCost'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/MinpackTest.java:731:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'theoreticalStartCost'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/MinpackTest.java:751:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'theoreticalStartCost'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/MinpackTest.java:797:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'theoreticalStartCost'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/MinpackTest.java:836:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'theoreticalStartCost'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/MinpackTest.java:866:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'theoreticalStartCost'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/MinpackTest.java:951:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/MinpackTest.java:1019:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'theoreticalStartCost'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/MinpackTest.java:1089:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'theoreticalStartCost'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/MinpackTest.java:1128:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'theoreticalStartCost'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/MinpackTest.java:1163:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'theoreticalStartCost'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/MinpackTest.java:1219:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'theoreticalStartCost'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/MinpackTest.java:1287:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'theoreticalStartCost'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/MinpackTest.java:1347:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'theoreticalStartCost'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/MinpackTest.java:1399:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'theoreticalStartCost'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/StatisticalReferenceDataset.java:71:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/StatisticalReferenceDataset.java:371:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/StraightLineProblem.java:41:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/StraightLineProblem.java:133:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'result'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/fitting/leastsquares/StraightLineProblem.java:137:	UnusedFormalParameter:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'params'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/genetics/BinaryChromosomeTest.java:37:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/genetics/CycleCrossoverTest.java:98:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/genetics/ElitisticListPopulationTest.java:97:	AssignmentToNonFinalStatic:	Possible unsafe assignment to non-final static field 'counter' in a constructor.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/genetics/FixedElapsedTimeTest.java:69:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/genetics/GeneticAlgorithmTestBinary.java:29:	ClassNamingConventions:	The class name 'GeneticAlgorithmTestBinary' doesn't match '^Test.*$|^[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*Test(s|Case)?$'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/genetics/GeneticAlgorithmTestPermutations.java:33:	ClassNamingConventions:	The class name 'GeneticAlgorithmTestPermutations' doesn't match '^Test.*$|^[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]*Test(s|Case)?$'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/genetics/ListPopulationTest.java:52:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/genetics/ListPopulationTest.java:70:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/genetics/ListPopulationTest.java:118:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/genetics/ListPopulationTest.java:131:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/genetics/ListPopulationTest.java:146:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/genetics/ListPopulationTest.java:180:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/genetics/ListPopulationTest.java:204:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/genetics/NPointCrossoverTest.java:122:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/genetics/NPointCrossoverTest.java:124:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/genetics/RandomKeyTest.java:150:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/genetics/RandomKeyTest.java:159:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/genetics/TournamentSelectionTest.java:48:	AssignmentToNonFinalStatic:	Possible unsafe assignment to non-final static field 'counter' in a constructor.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:39:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:42:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:43:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:44:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:45:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:47:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:48:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:49:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:51:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:52:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:53:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:54:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:58:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:59:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:63:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:64:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:66:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:67:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:70:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:71:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:74:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:77:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:78:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:79:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:81:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:82:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:84:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:85:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:86:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:88:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:89:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:91:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:92:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:95:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:96:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:97:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:147:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:180:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:205:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:245:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'C1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:246:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'C2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:247:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'C3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:266:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:273:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:287:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:312:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:354:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:380:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:393:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:399:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:411:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:484:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:488:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:508:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:512:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:560:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:564:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:568:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:590:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:594:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:598:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:625:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:631:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:646:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:652:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:669:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:675:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:690:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:696:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:711:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:717:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:732:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:738:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:753:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:759:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:774:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:780:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:801:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:807:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:821:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:827:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:842:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:848:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:863:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:869:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:935:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:942:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:948:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:956:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:963:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:969:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:977:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:985:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:1105:	AvoidProtectedMethodInFinalClassNotExtending:	Avoid protected methods in a final class that doesnt extend anything other than Object.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/Array2DRowRealMatrixTest.java:1140:	AvoidProtectedMethodInFinalClassNotExtending:	Avoid protected methods in a final class that doesnt extend anything other than Object.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:308:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:312:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v5_i' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:326:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:334:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v7_i' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:336:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v7_2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:345:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v8_2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:361:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v2_t' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:363:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_append_1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:367:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_append_2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:371:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_append_4' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:375:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_copy' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:379:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'a_frac' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:395:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:399:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_set1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:405:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:409:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_set2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:416:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:420:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_set3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:427:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:431:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_set4' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:438:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:444:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'vout10_2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:455:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_mapAdd' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:456:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_mapAdd' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:460:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_mapAddToSelf' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:462:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_mapAddToSelf' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:466:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_mapSubtract' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:467:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_mapSubtract' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:471:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_mapSubtractToSelf' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:473:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_mapSubtractToSelf' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:477:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_mapMultiply' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:478:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_mapMultiply' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:482:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_mapMultiplyToSelf' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:484:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_mapMultiplyToSelf' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:488:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_mapDivide' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:489:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_mapDivide' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:493:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_mapDivideToSelf' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:495:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_mapDivideToSelf' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:499:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_mapInv' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:500:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_mapInv' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:504:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_mapInvToSelf' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:506:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_mapInvToSelf' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:516:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v2_t' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:519:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_add' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:520:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_add' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:524:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_add_i' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:525:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_add_i' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:529:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_subtract' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:530:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_subtract' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:533:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_subtract_i' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:534:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_subtract_i' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:538:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_ebeMultiply' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:539:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_ebeMultiply' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:542:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_ebeMultiply_2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:543:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_ebeMultiply_2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:547:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_ebeDivide' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:548:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_ebeDivide' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:551:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_ebeDivide_2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:552:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_ebeDivide_2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:560:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'dot_2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:563:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'm_outerProduct' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:566:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'm_outerProduct_2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:569:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_projection' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:570:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_projection' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:573:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_projection_2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:574:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_projection_2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:582:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v4_2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:594:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:601:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:608:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:630:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:636:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:642:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:753:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:759:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:765:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:771:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:777:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:889:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:895:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:901:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:907:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:913:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:1029:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:1035:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:1041:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:1047:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:1053:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:1173:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:1179:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:1185:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:1191:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayFieldVectorTest.java:1197:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayRealVectorTest.java:57:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v3_bis' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayRealVectorTest.java:63:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v3_ter' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayRealVectorTest.java:75:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayRealVectorTest.java:79:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v5_i' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayRealVectorTest.java:93:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayRealVectorTest.java:101:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v7_i' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayRealVectorTest.java:103:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v7_2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ArrayRealVectorTest.java:112:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v8_2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BigRealTest.java:160:	AvoidDecimalLiteralsInBigDecimalConstructor:	Avoid creating BigDecimal with a decimal (float/double) literal. Use a String literal
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BigRealTest.java:185:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'Reals' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:41:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:48:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:53:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:58:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:63:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:68:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:69:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:70:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:75:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:76:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:80:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:85:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:92:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:97:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:104:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:105:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:111:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:116:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:119:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:120:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:123:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:130:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:131:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:132:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:137:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:141:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:143:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:144:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:145:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:147:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:148:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:150:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:151:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:154:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:155:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:204:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:218:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:238:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:305:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:312:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:319:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:326:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:362:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:385:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:392:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:393:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:406:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:407:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:456:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:478:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:491:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:497:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:509:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:605:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:609:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:613:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:633:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:637:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:641:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:706:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:710:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:733:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:737:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:754:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:760:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:775:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:781:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:817:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:823:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:838:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:844:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:880:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:886:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:901:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:907:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:941:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:947:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:962:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:968:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:1008:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:1014:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:1028:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:1034:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:1069:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:1075:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:1090:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:1096:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:1197:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:1204:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:1210:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:1218:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:1226:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockFieldMatrixTest.java:1234:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:40:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:43:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:44:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:45:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:46:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:48:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:49:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:50:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:52:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:53:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:54:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:55:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:59:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:60:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:64:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:65:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:67:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:68:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:71:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:72:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:75:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:78:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:79:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:80:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:82:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:83:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:85:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:86:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:87:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:89:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:90:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:92:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:93:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:96:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:97:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:148:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:180:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:200:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:262:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:269:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:276:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:283:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:311:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:333:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:340:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:341:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:354:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:355:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:402:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:424:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:437:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:443:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:455:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:528:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:532:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:552:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:556:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:619:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:623:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:646:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:650:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:667:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:673:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:688:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:694:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:728:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:734:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:749:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:755:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:789:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:795:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:810:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:816:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:850:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:856:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:871:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:877:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:917:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:923:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:937:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:943:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:978:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:984:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:999:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:1005:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:1096:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:1103:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:1109:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:1117:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:1125:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:1133:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:1252:	AvoidProtectedMethodInFinalClassNotExtending:	Avoid protected methods in a final class that doesnt extend anything other than Object.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/BlockRealMatrixTest.java:1257:	AvoidProtectedMethodInFinalClassNotExtending:	Avoid protected methods in a final class that doesnt extend anything other than Object.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/CholeskySolverTest.java:44:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/CholeskySolverTest.java:50:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/CholeskySolverTest.java:56:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ConjugateGradientTest.java:459:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ConjugateGradientTest.java:465:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/ConjugateGradientTest.java:471:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/EigenSolverTest.java:47:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/EigenSolverTest.java:133:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/EigenSolverTest.java:139:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/EigenSolverTest.java:145:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldLUDecompositionTest.java:59:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'LU' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldLUDecompositionTest.java:79:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldLUSolverTest.java:88:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldLUSolverTest.java:94:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldLUSolverTest.java:109:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldLUSolverTest.java:115:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:40:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:43:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:44:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:45:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:46:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:48:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:49:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:50:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:52:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:53:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:54:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:55:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:59:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:60:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:64:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:65:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:67:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:68:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:71:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:72:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:75:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:78:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:79:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:80:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:82:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:83:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:85:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:86:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:87:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:89:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:90:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:92:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:93:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:96:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:97:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:145:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:159:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:179:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:213:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'C1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:214:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'C2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:215:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'C3' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:232:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:239:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:253:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:275:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:316:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:338:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:351:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:357:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:369:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:465:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:469:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:473:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:494:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:498:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:502:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:546:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:550:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:573:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:577:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'OutOfRangeException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:596:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:602:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:617:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:623:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:640:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:646:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:661:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:667:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:682:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:688:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:703:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:709:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:724:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:730:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:745:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:751:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:772:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:778:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:792:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:798:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:813:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:819:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:834:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:840:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:916:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:923:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:929:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:937:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:944:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:950:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:958:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:966:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:1100:	AvoidProtectedMethodInFinalClassNotExtending:	Avoid protected methods in a final class that doesnt extend anything other than Object.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/FieldMatrixImplTest.java:1136:	AvoidProtectedMethodInFinalClassNotExtending:	Avoid protected methods in a final class that doesnt extend anything other than Object.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/HessenbergTransformerTest.java:58:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/LUDecompositionTest.java:60:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'LU' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/LUDecompositionTest.java:75:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/LUSolverTest.java:81:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/LUSolverTest.java:87:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/LUSolverTest.java:93:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/LUSolverTest.java:107:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/LUSolverTest.java:113:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/LUSolverTest.java:119:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:37:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:38:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:39:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:40:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:41:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:42:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:43:	BigIntegerInstantiation:	Don't create instances of already existing BigInteger and BigDecimal (ZERO, ONE, TEN)
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:43:	BigIntegerInstantiation:	Don't create instances of already existing BigInteger and BigDecimal (ZERO, ONE, TEN)
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:44:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:45:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:47:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:48:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:49:	BigIntegerInstantiation:	Don't create instances of already existing BigInteger and BigDecimal (ZERO, ONE, TEN)
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:49:	BigIntegerInstantiation:	Don't create instances of already existing BigInteger and BigDecimal (ZERO, ONE, TEN)
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:50:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:51:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:53:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:54:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:55:	BigIntegerInstantiation:	Don't create instances of already existing BigInteger and BigDecimal (ZERO, ONE, TEN)
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:56:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:57:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:59:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:60:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:61:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:62:	BigIntegerInstantiation:	Don't create instances of already existing BigInteger and BigDecimal (ZERO, ONE, TEN)
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:63:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:64:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:74:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:80:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:86:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:100:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:106:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:112:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:124:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:130:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:144:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:150:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:162:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:168:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:183:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:189:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:197:	AvoidProtectedMethodInFinalClassNotExtending:	Avoid protected methods in a final class that doesnt extend anything other than Object.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:217:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:225:	AvoidProtectedMethodInFinalClassNotExtending:	Avoid protected methods in a final class that doesnt extend anything other than Object.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/MatrixUtilsTest.java:245:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/OpenIntToDoubleHashMapTest.java:178:	AssignmentInOperand:	Avoid assignments in operands
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/OpenIntToDoubleHashMapTest.java:266:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/OpenIntToDoubleHashMapTest.java:279:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/OpenIntToFieldTest.java:181:	AssignmentInOperand:	Avoid assignments in operands
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/OpenIntToFieldTest.java:269:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/OpenIntToFieldTest.java:282:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/QRDecompositionTest.java:62:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/QRDecompositionTest.java:63:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/QRDecompositionTest.java:90:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/QRDecompositionTest.java:91:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/QRDecompositionTest.java:115:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/QRDecompositionTest.java:116:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/QRDecompositionTest.java:145:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/QRDecompositionTest.java:146:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/QRDecompositionTest.java:181:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/QRDecompositionTest.java:182:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/QRSolverTest.java:78:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/QRSolverTest.java:84:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/QRSolverTest.java:98:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/QRSolverTest.java:104:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/QRSolverTest.java:145:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/QRSolverTest.java:146:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/QRSolverTest.java:168:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/QRSolverTest.java:169:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RRQRDecompositionTest.java:62:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RRQRDecompositionTest.java:63:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RRQRDecompositionTest.java:90:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RRQRDecompositionTest.java:91:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RRQRDecompositionTest.java:115:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RRQRDecompositionTest.java:116:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RRQRDecompositionTest.java:145:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RRQRDecompositionTest.java:146:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RRQRDecompositionTest.java:181:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RRQRDecompositionTest.java:182:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RRQRSolverTest.java:78:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RRQRSolverTest.java:84:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RRQRSolverTest.java:98:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RRQRSolverTest.java:104:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RRQRSolverTest.java:146:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RRQRSolverTest.java:147:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RRQRSolverTest.java:169:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RRQRSolverTest.java:170:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealMatrixFormatAbstractTest.java:151:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealMatrixFormatAbstractTest.java:320:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:464:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:465:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:641:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:690:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:738:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:746:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:991:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1016:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1079:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1087:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1106:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1108:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1214:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1219:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1440:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1446:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1452:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1458:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1464:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1572:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1578:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1584:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1590:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1596:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1708:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1714:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1720:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1726:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1732:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1848:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1854:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1860:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1866:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorAbstractTest.java:1872:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorFormatAbstractTest.java:131:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/RealVectorFormatAbstractTest.java:312:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SchurTransformerTest.java:59:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SingularValueDecompositionTest.java:202:	MethodNamingConventions:	The instance method name 'useless_testMatricesValues2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SingularValueDecompositionTest.java:265:	AvoidCatchingThrowable:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SingularValueDecompositionTest.java:272:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this DataInputStream object are closed after use
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SingularValueDecompositionTest.java:273:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this BufferedReader object are closed after use
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SingularValueDecompositionTest.java:286:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SingularValueSolverTest.java:48:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SingularValueSolverTest.java:54:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SingularValueSolverTest.java:60:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:169:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:185:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:212:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:240:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:265:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:306:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:332:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:345:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:351:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:363:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:395:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:397:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:397:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:399:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:399:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:434:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:440:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:446:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:452:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:458:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:464:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:479:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:485:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:500:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:506:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:521:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:527:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:542:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:548:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:617:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:624:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:630:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:638:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:644:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:652:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldMatrixTest.java:660:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:58:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_mapAdd' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:59:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_mapAdd' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:63:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_mapAddToSelf' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:65:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_mapAddToSelf' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:69:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_mapSubtract' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:70:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_mapSubtract' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:74:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_mapSubtractToSelf' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:76:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_mapSubtractToSelf' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:80:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_mapMultiply' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:81:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_mapMultiply' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:85:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_mapMultiplyToSelf' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:87:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_mapMultiplyToSelf' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:91:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_mapDivide' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:92:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_mapDivide' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:96:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_mapDivideToSelf' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:98:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_mapDivideToSelf' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:102:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_mapInv' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:103:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_mapInv' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:107:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_mapInvToSelf' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:109:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_mapInvToSelf' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:119:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v2_t' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:122:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_add' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:123:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_add' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:127:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_add_i' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:128:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_add_i' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:132:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_subtract' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:133:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_subtract' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:136:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_subtract_i' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:137:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_subtract_i' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:141:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_ebeMultiply' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:142:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_ebeMultiply' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:145:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_ebeMultiply_2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:146:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_ebeMultiply_2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:150:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_ebeDivide' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:151:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_ebeDivide' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:154:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v_ebeDivide_2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:155:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'result_ebeDivide_2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:163:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'dot_2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:166:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'm_outerProduct' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:169:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'm_outerProduct_2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:205:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:309:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:315:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:321:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:327:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:333:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:445:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:451:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:457:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:463:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:469:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:585:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:591:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:597:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:603:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:609:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:729:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:735:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:741:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:747:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseFieldVectorTest.java:753:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:35:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:37:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:39:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:41:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:43:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:45:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:46:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:47:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:49:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:50:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:51:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:52:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:56:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:57:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:61:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:62:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:70:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:72:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:75:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:76:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:79:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:83:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:84:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:85:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:88:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:89:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:92:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:93:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:94:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:97:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:98:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:101:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:102:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:105:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:106:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:158:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:182:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:209:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:237:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:262:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:303:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:329:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:342:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:348:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:360:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:431:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:437:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:443:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:449:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:455:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:461:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:476:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:482:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:497:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:503:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:518:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:524:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:539:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:545:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:612:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:619:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:625:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:633:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:639:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:647:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:655:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:669:	AvoidProtectedMethodInFinalClassNotExtending:	Avoid protected methods in a final class that doesnt extend anything other than Object.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealMatrixTest.java:675:	AvoidProtectedMethodInFinalClassNotExtending:	Avoid protected methods in a final class that doesnt extend anything other than Object.  Change to private or package access.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealVectorTest.java:80:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v5_i' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealVectorTest.java:92:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v7_i' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/SparseRealVectorTest.java:94:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'v7_2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/TriDiagonalTransformerTest.java:47:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/UnmodifiableRealVectorAbstractTest.java:196:	SuspiciousEqualsMethodName:	The method name and parameter number are suspiciously close to equals(Object)
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/UnmodifiableRealVectorAbstractTest.java:198:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition} && {thenBranch};`
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/UnmodifiableRealVectorAbstractTest.java:206:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition} && {thenBranch};`
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/UnmodifiableRealVectorAbstractTest.java:212:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition} && {thenBranch};`
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/UnmodifiableRealVectorAbstractTest.java:221:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition} && {thenBranch};`
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/UnmodifiableRealVectorAbstractTest.java:229:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition} && {thenBranch};`
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/UnmodifiableRealVectorAbstractTest.java:235:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition} && {thenBranch};`
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/linear/UnmodifiableRealVectorAbstractTest.java:342:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ml/clustering/KMeansPlusPlusClustererTest.java:89:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'DoublePoint' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ml/clustering/MiniBatchKMeansClustererTest.java:118:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ml/clustering/MiniBatchKMeansClustererTest.java:139:	AvoidCatchingThrowable:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ml/clustering/evaluation/CalinskiHarabaszTest.java:46:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'test_k_equals_4_is_best_for_a_4_center_points' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ml/clustering/evaluation/CalinskiHarabaszTest.java:82:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'test_compare_to_skLearn' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/ContinuousOutputFieldModelTest.java:116:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/ContinuousOutputFieldModelTest.java:191:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'DimensionMismatchException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/ContinuousOutputFieldModelTest.java:211:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/FieldExpandableODETest.java:149:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/FieldExpandableODETest.java:155:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/JacobianMatricesTest.java:461:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/JacobianMatricesTest.java:464:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/JacobianMatricesTest.java:549:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/JacobianMatricesTest.java:551:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/JacobianMatricesTest.java:553:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/JacobianMatricesTest.java:563:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/JacobianMatricesTest.java:565:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/JacobianMatricesTest.java:567:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/TestFieldProblem3.java:98:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'E' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/TestFieldProblem4.java:117:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/TestFieldProblem4.java:143:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/TestFieldProblem4.java:147:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/TestFieldProblemAbstract.java:165:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/TestProblem3.java:88:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'E' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/TestProblem4.java:103:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/TestProblem4.java:127:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/TestProblem4.java:131:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/TestProblem4.java:145:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/TestProblemHandler.java:110:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/events/CloseEventsTest.java:97:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/events/CloseEventsTest.java:112:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/events/EventStateTest.java:56:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/events/EventStateTest.java:124:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/events/EventStateTest.java:209:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/events/EventStateTest.java:223:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/events/EventStateTest.java:268:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/events/EventStateTest.java:272:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/events/OverlappingEventsTest.java:152:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/events/ReappearingEventTest.java:83:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractEmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:90:	AvoidAccessibilityAlteration:	You should not modify visibility of constructors, methods or fields using setAccessible()
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractEmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:93:	AvoidAccessibilityAlteration:	You should not modify visibility of constructors, methods or fields using setAccessible()
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractEmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:96:	AvoidAccessibilityAlteration:	You should not modify visibility of constructors, methods or fields using setAccessible()
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractEmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:107:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'ClassNotFoundException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractEmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:109:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'ClassNotFoundException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractEmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:111:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'ClassNotFoundException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractEmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:113:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'ClassNotFoundException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractEmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:141:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractEmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:162:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractEmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:172:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractEmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:251:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractEmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:283:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractEmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:325:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractEmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:346:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractEmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:365:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractEmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:374:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractEmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:383:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:76:	AvoidAccessibilityAlteration:	You should not modify visibility of constructors, methods or fields using setAccessible()
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:79:	AvoidAccessibilityAlteration:	You should not modify visibility of constructors, methods or fields using setAccessible()
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:82:	AvoidAccessibilityAlteration:	You should not modify visibility of constructors, methods or fields using setAccessible()
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:93:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'ClassNotFoundException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:95:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'ClassNotFoundException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:97:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'ClassNotFoundException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:99:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'ClassNotFoundException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:136:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:170:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:214:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:222:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:257:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:428:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:433:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AbstractRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorTest.java:488:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AdamsBashforthIntegratorTest.java:226:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AdamsBashforthIntegratorTest.java:230:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AdamsBashforthIntegratorTest.java:276:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AdamsBashforthIntegratorTest.java:281:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegratorTest.java:214:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegratorTest.java:218:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegratorTest.java:264:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/AdamsMoultonIntegratorTest.java:269:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/ClassicalRungeKuttaIntegratorTest.java:83:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/ClassicalRungeKuttaIntegratorTest.java:87:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/ClassicalRungeKuttaIntegratorTest.java:118:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/ClassicalRungeKuttaIntegratorTest.java:126:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/ClassicalRungeKuttaIntegratorTest.java:134:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/ClassicalRungeKuttaIntegratorTest.java:158:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/ClassicalRungeKuttaIntegratorTest.java:309:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince54IntegratorTest.java:134:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince54IntegratorTest.java:213:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince54StepInterpolatorTest.java:145:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853IntegratorTest.java:83:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853IntegratorTest.java:87:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853IntegratorTest.java:263:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/DormandPrince853StepInterpolatorTest.java:145:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:90:	AvoidAccessibilityAlteration:	You should not modify visibility of constructors, methods or fields using setAccessible()
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:93:	AvoidAccessibilityAlteration:	You should not modify visibility of constructors, methods or fields using setAccessible()
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:96:	AvoidAccessibilityAlteration:	You should not modify visibility of constructors, methods or fields using setAccessible()
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:107:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'ClassNotFoundException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:109:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'ClassNotFoundException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:111:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'ClassNotFoundException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:113:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'ClassNotFoundException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:141:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:162:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:172:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:251:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:283:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:325:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:346:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:365:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:374:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/EmbeddedRungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:383:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/EulerIntegratorTest.java:75:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/EulerIntegratorTest.java:177:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/GillIntegratorTest.java:75:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/GillIntegratorTest.java:233:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/GraggBulirschStoerIntegratorTest.java:208:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/GraggBulirschStoerIntegratorTest.java:316:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/GraggBulirschStoerStepInterpolatorTest.java:147:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/HighamHall54IntegratorTest.java:65:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/HighamHall54IntegratorTest.java:72:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/HighamHall54IntegratorTest.java:177:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/HighamHall54IntegratorTest.java:212:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/HighamHall54IntegratorTest.java:228:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/HighamHall54IntegratorTest.java:260:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/HighamHall54IntegratorTest.java:273:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/HighamHall54IntegratorTest.java:282:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/HighamHall54IntegratorTest.java:301:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/HighamHall54IntegratorTest.java:311:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/HighamHall54IntegratorTest.java:321:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/HighamHall54IntegratorTest.java:331:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/HighamHall54IntegratorTest.java:341:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/HighamHall54StepInterpolatorTest.java:145:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/LutherIntegratorTest.java:83:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/LutherIntegratorTest.java:87:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/LutherIntegratorTest.java:118:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/LutherIntegratorTest.java:126:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/LutherIntegratorTest.java:134:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/LutherIntegratorTest.java:158:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/LutherIntegratorTest.java:305:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/MidpointIntegratorTest.java:74:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/MidpointIntegratorTest.java:177:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:76:	AvoidAccessibilityAlteration:	You should not modify visibility of constructors, methods or fields using setAccessible()
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:79:	AvoidAccessibilityAlteration:	You should not modify visibility of constructors, methods or fields using setAccessible()
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:82:	AvoidAccessibilityAlteration:	You should not modify visibility of constructors, methods or fields using setAccessible()
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:93:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'ClassNotFoundException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:95:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'ClassNotFoundException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:97:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'ClassNotFoundException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:99:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'ClassNotFoundException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:136:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:170:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:214:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:222:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:257:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:428:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:433:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaFieldIntegratorAbstractTest.java:488:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaFieldStepInterpolatorAbstractTest.java:203:	AvoidAccessibilityAlteration:	You should not modify visibility of constructors, methods or fields using setAccessible()
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaFieldStepInterpolatorAbstractTest.java:218:	AvoidAccessibilityAlteration:	You should not modify visibility of constructors, methods or fields using setAccessible()
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaFieldStepInterpolatorAbstractTest.java:222:	AvoidAccessibilityAlteration:	You should not modify visibility of constructors, methods or fields using setAccessible()
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaFieldStepInterpolatorAbstractTest.java:267:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'ClassNotFoundException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaFieldStepInterpolatorAbstractTest.java:269:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'ClassNotFoundException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaFieldStepInterpolatorAbstractTest.java:271:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'ClassNotFoundException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaFieldStepInterpolatorAbstractTest.java:273:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'ClassNotFoundException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/RungeKuttaFieldStepInterpolatorAbstractTest.java:290:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/StepFieldProblem.java:57:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/StepFieldProblem.java:61:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/StepProblem.java:49:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/StepProblem.java:64:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/ThreeEighthesIntegratorTest.java:75:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/nonstiff/ThreeEighthesIntegratorTest.java:226:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/sampling/DummyStepInterpolator.java:121:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/sampling/DummyStepInterpolatorTest.java:114:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/sampling/StepInterpolatorTestUtils.java:89:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/sampling/StepInterpolatorTestUtils.java:136:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/sampling/StepNormalizerOutputTestBase.java:277:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/sampling/StepNormalizerTest.java:51:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/ode/sampling/StepNormalizerTest.java:83:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/BaseOptimizerTest.java:30:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'result'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/BaseOptimizerTest.java:55:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'result'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/linear/SimplexSolverTest.java:47:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/linear/SimplexSolverTest.java:68:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/linear/SimplexSolverTest.java:90:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/linear/SimplexSolverTest.java:113:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/linear/SimplexSolverTest.java:132:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/linear/SimplexSolverTest.java:147:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/linear/SimplexSolverTest.java:166:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/linear/SimplexSolverTest.java:181:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/linear/SimplexSolverTest.java:197:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/linear/SimplexSolverTest.java:774:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/MultivariateFunctionMappingAdapterTest.java:189:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/MultivariateFunctionMappingAdapterTest.java:193:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/MultivariateFunctionPenaltyAdapterTest.java:193:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/MultivariateFunctionPenaltyAdapterTest.java:197:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/TestFunction.java:86:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'M' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/TestFunction.java:115:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/TestFunction.java:116:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'B' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/TestFunction.java:117:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'C' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/TestFunction.java:134:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/TestFunction.java:204:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/TestFunction.java:237:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/TestFunction.java:249:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/TestFunction.java:264:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'BETA' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/TestFunction.java:283:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/TestFunction.java:284:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'B' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/TestFunction.java:285:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'C' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/TestFunction.java:353:	UnnecessarySemicolon:	Unnecessary semicolon
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/gradient/CircleScalar.java:32:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/OptimTestUtils.java:124:	MethodNamingConventions:	The instance method name 'Rotate' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/OptimTestUtils.java:136:	MethodNamingConventions:	The instance method name 'GenBasis' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/OptimTestUtils.java:137:	SimplifiedTernary:	This conditional expression can be simplified with || or &&
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizerMultiDirectionalTest.java:50:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'EPSILON' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizerTest.java:298:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizerTest.java:518:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/nonlinear/scalar/noderiv/SimplexOptimizerTest.java:520:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizerTest.java:62:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/univariate/BrentOptimizerTest.java:186:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateOptimizerTest.java:88:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/optim/univariate/MultiStartUnivariateOptimizerTest.java:116:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/random/HaltonSequenceGeneratorTest.java:86:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/random/HaltonSequenceGeneratorTest.java:93:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/random/HaltonSequenceGeneratorTest.java:103:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/random/HaltonSequenceGeneratorTest.java:110:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/random/HaltonSequenceGeneratorTest.java:117:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/random/HaltonSequenceGeneratorTest.java:140:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/random/SobolSequenceGeneratorTest.java:64:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/random/SobolSequenceGeneratorTest.java:71:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/random/SobolSequenceGeneratorTest.java:79:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/random/SobolSequenceGeneratorTest.java:82:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/random/SobolSequenceGeneratorTest.java:89:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/special/BesselJTest.java:754:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/CertifiedDataTest.java:111:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this InputStream object are closed after use
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/CertifiedDataTest.java:113:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this BufferedReader object are closed after use
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/FrequencyTest.java:38:	UnusedPrivateField:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'TWO'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/FrequencyTest.java:165:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this BufferedReader object are closed after use
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:100:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:107:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:120:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:127:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:155:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:162:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:190:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:197:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:224:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:248:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:276:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:305:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:345:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:386:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:393:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:427:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:433:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:440:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:451:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/StatUtilsTest.java:544:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/correlation/CovarianceTest.java:186:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/correlation/CovarianceTest.java:192:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelationTest.java:213:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/correlation/PearsonsCorrelationTest.java:220:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/correlation/SpearmansRankCorrelationTest.java:98:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/correlation/SpearmansRankCorrelationTest.java:105:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/correlation/SpearmansRankCorrelationTest.java:158:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/correlation/SpearmansRankCorrelationTest.java:161:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/correlation/StorelessCovarianceTest.java:121:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/correlation/StorelessCovarianceTest.java:131:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/correlation/StorelessCovarianceTest.java:232:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'num_sets' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/data/CertifiedDataAbstractTest.java:139:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/data/CertifiedDataAbstractTest.java:149:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/data/CertifiedDataAbstractTest.java:153:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	'catch' branch identical to 'InvocationTargetException' branch
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/AggregateSummaryStatisticsTest.java:111:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/AggregateSummaryStatisticsTest.java:142:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/AggregateSummaryStatisticsTest.java:178:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/AggregateSummaryStatisticsTest.java:208:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/AggregateSummaryStatisticsTest.java:237:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/AggregateSummaryStatisticsTest.java:288:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'out'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/DescriptiveStatisticsTest.java:78:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/DescriptiveStatisticsTest.java:84:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/DescriptiveStatisticsTest.java:90:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/DescriptiveStatisticsTest.java:100:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/DescriptiveStatisticsTest.java:204:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/DescriptiveStatisticsTest.java:243:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/DescriptiveStatisticsTest.java:461:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'result'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/MultivariateSummaryStatisticsTest.java:75:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/MultivariateSummaryStatisticsTest.java:168:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/MultivariateSummaryStatisticsTest.java:171:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/MultivariateSummaryStatisticsTest.java:184:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/ResizableDoubleArrayTest.java:64:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/ResizableDoubleArrayTest.java:85:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/ResizableDoubleArrayTest.java:103:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/ResizableDoubleArrayTest.java:117:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/ResizableDoubleArrayTest.java:183:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/ResizableDoubleArrayTest.java:284:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/ResizableDoubleArrayTest.java:290:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/ResizableDoubleArrayTest.java:311:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/ResizableDoubleArrayTest.java:396:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/ResizableDoubleArrayTest.java:402:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/ResizableDoubleArrayTest.java:408:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/ResizableDoubleArrayTest.java:414:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/StatisticalSummaryValuesTest.java:49:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'verifyEquality(StatisticalSummaryValues, StatisticalSummaryValues)'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/StorelessUnivariateStatisticAbstractTest.java:143:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/StorelessUnivariateStatisticAbstractTest.java:165:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatisticsTest.java:34:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatisticsTest.java:35:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatisticsTest.java:36:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatisticsTest.java:37:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatisticsTest.java:38:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatisticsTest.java:39:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatisticsTest.java:40:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatisticsTest.java:41:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatisticsTest.java:42:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatisticsTest.java:44:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatisticsTest.java:45:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatisticsTest.java:46:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatisticsTest.java:47:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatisticsTest.java:265:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatisticsTest.java:299:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatisticsTest.java:310:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/SummaryStatisticsTest.java:321:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/moment/InteractionTest.java:68:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/moment/SemiVarianceTest.java:36:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/moment/SemiVarianceTest.java:43:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/moment/StandardDeviationTest.java:89:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/moment/VarianceTest.java:95:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/moment/VectorialCovarianceTest.java:64:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/moment/VectorialMeanTest.java:62:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PSquarePercentileTest.java:349:	UnnecessaryLocalBeforeReturn:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'ptile'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PSquarePercentileTest.java:505:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PSquarePercentileTest.java:511:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PSquarePercentileTest.java:698:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PSquarePercentileTest.java:699:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PSquarePercentileTest.java:700:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PSquarePercentileTest.java:701:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PSquarePercentileTest.java:702:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PSquarePercentileTest.java:703:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PSquarePercentileTest.java:704:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PSquarePercentileTest.java:705:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PSquarePercentileTest.java:706:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PercentileTest.java:68:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PercentileTest.java:136:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PercentileTest.java:142:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PercentileTest.java:171:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PercentileTest.java:217:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PercentileTest.java:223:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PercentileTest.java:280:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PercentileTest.java:290:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PercentileTest.java:365:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PercentileTest.java:521:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PercentileTest.java:527:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PercentileTest.java:629:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'N' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PercentileTest.java:668:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PercentileTest.java:672:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PercentileTest.java:676:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PercentileTest.java:704:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'MAX' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PercentileTest.java:732:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PercentileTest.java:738:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/descriptive/rank/PercentileTest.java:812:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/BinomialTestTest.java:97:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/BinomialTestTest.java:104:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/BinomialTestTest.java:110:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/ChiSquareTestTest.java:61:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/ChiSquareTestTest.java:70:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/ChiSquareTestTest.java:80:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/ChiSquareTestTest.java:89:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/ChiSquareTestTest.java:99:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/ChiSquareTestTest.java:125:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/ChiSquareTestTest.java:134:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/ChiSquareTestTest.java:141:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/ChiSquareTestTest.java:150:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/ChiSquareTestTest.java:158:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/ChiSquareTestTest.java:235:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/ChiSquareTestTest.java:244:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/ChiSquareTestTest.java:253:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/GTestTest.java:52:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'p_gtgf' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/GTestTest.java:69:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'p_gtgf' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/GTestTest.java:88:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'p_gtgf' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/GTestTest.java:108:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'p_gti' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/GTestTest.java:128:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'p_gti' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/GTestTest.java:147:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'p_gti' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/GTestTest.java:161:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/GTestTest.java:170:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/GTestTest.java:179:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/GTestTest.java:192:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/GTestTest.java:198:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/GTestTest.java:211:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/GTestTest.java:217:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/GTestTest.java:229:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/GTestTest.java:242:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/GTestTest.java:248:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:63:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:72:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:82:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:91:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:101:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:127:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:136:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:143:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:152:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:160:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:205:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:222:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:229:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:236:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:243:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:250:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:256:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:263:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:269:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:279:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:299:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:306:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:316:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:320:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:343:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:350:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:357:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:364:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:371:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:378:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:385:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:392:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:401:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:405:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:478:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'p_gtgf' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/InferenceTestUtilsTest.java:498:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'p_gti' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/KolmogorovSmirnovTestTest.java:372:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'N' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/KolmogorovSmirnovTestTest.java:677:	AvoidAccessibilityAlteration:	You should not modify visibility of constructors, methods or fields using setAccessible()
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/KolmogorovSmirnovTestTest.java:698:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/KolmogorovSmirnovTestTest.java:876:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'p'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/KolmogorovSmirnovTestTest.java:939:	AvoidAccessibilityAlteration:	You should not modify visibility of constructors, methods or fields using setAccessible()
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/KolmogorovSmirnovTestTest.java:949:	AvoidAccessibilityAlteration:	You should not modify visibility of constructors, methods or fields using setAccessible()
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTestTest.java:57:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTestTest.java:64:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTestTest.java:74:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTestTest.java:81:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTestTest.java:91:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/MannWhitneyUTestTest.java:98:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/OneWayAnovaTest.java:70:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/OneWayAnovaTest.java:79:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:54:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:71:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:78:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:85:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:92:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:99:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:105:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:112:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:118:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:128:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:148:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:155:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:165:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:169:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:192:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:199:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:206:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:213:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:220:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:227:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:234:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:241:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:250:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/TTestTest.java:254:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/WilcoxonSignedRankTestTest.java:85:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/WilcoxonSignedRankTestTest.java:94:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/WilcoxonSignedRankTestTest.java:101:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/WilcoxonSignedRankTestTest.java:108:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/WilcoxonSignedRankTestTest.java:115:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/WilcoxonSignedRankTestTest.java:124:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/WilcoxonSignedRankTestTest.java:131:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/WilcoxonSignedRankTestTest.java:141:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/WilcoxonSignedRankTestTest.java:148:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/WilcoxonSignedRankTestTest.java:158:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/WilcoxonSignedRankTestTest.java:165:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/WilcoxonSignedRankTestTest.java:172:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/inference/WilcoxonSignedRankTestTest.java:179:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/interval/BinomialConfidenceIntervalAbstractTest.java:31:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/interval/BinomialConfidenceIntervalAbstractTest.java:32:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/interval/BinomialConfidenceIntervalAbstractTest.java:33:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/interval/IntervalUtilsTest.java:28:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/interval/IntervalUtilsTest.java:29:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/interval/IntervalUtilsTest.java:30:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/interval/IntervalUtilsTest.java:33:	FinalFieldCouldBeStatic:	This final field could be made static
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/ranking/NaturalRankingTest.java:51:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/ranking/NaturalRankingTest.java:65:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/GLSMultipleLinearRegressionTest.java:247:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegressionTest.java:32:	UnnecessaryConstructor:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegressionTest.java:32:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor:	Document empty constructor
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegressionTest.java:87:	UnnecessaryReturn:	Unnecessary return statement
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegressionTest.java:96:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegressionTest.java:103:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegressionTest.java:118:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegressionTest.java:125:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegressionTest.java:145:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegressionTest.java:156:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegressionTest.java:439:	UnnecessaryReturn:	Unnecessary return statement
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegressionTest.java:498:	UnnecessaryReturn:	Unnecessary return statement
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegressionTest.java:555:	UnnecessaryReturn:	Unnecessary return statement
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegressionTest.java:614:	UnnecessaryReturn:	Unnecessary return statement
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegressionTest.java:811:	UnnecessaryReturn:	Unnecessary return statement
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegressionTest.java:926:	UnnecessaryReturn:	Unnecessary return statement
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegressionTest.java:997:	UnnecessaryReturn:	Unnecessary return statement
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegressionTest.java:1022:	UnnecessaryReturn:	Unnecessary return statement
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/MillerUpdatingRegressionTest.java:1045:	UnnecessaryReturn:	Unnecessary return statement
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/OLSMultipleLinearRegressionTest.java:436:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'I' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/OLSMultipleLinearRegressionTest.java:464:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'X' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/OLSMultipleLinearRegressionTest.java:577:	UnnecessaryReturn:	Unnecessary return statement
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/OLSMultipleLinearRegressionTest.java:645:	UnnecessaryReturn:	Unnecessary return statement
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/OLSMultipleLinearRegressionTest.java:714:	UnnecessaryReturn:	Unnecessary return statement
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/OLSMultipleLinearRegressionTest.java:783:	UnnecessaryReturn:	Unnecessary return statement
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:205:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return !{condition};`
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:217:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:271:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:277:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:283:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:289:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:301:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:307:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:313:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:319:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:325:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:331:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:337:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:343:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'testNoInterceot_noint2' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:365:	MethodNamingConventions:	The JUnit 4 test method name 'testNoIntercept_noint1' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:367:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:388:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:532:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/stat/regression/SimpleRegressionTest.java:565:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/util/ComplexFormatAbstractTest.java:153:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/util/ComplexFormatAbstractTest.java:292:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'cf'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/util/ComplexFormatAbstractTest.java:294:	AvoidInstanceofChecksInCatchClause:	An instanceof check is being performed on the caught exception.  Create a separate catch clause for this exception type.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/util/ComplexFormatAbstractTest.java:297:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'cf'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/util/ComplexFormatAbstractTest.java:299:	AvoidInstanceofChecksInCatchClause:	An instanceof check is being performed on the caught exception.  Create a separate catch clause for this exception type.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/util/ComplexFormatAbstractTest.java:302:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'cf'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/util/ComplexFormatAbstractTest.java:304:	AvoidInstanceofChecksInCatchClause:	An instanceof check is being performed on the caught exception.  Create a separate catch clause for this exception type.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/util/ComplexFormatAbstractTest.java:323:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'cf'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/util/ComplexFormatAbstractTest.java:325:	AvoidInstanceofChecksInCatchClause:	An instanceof check is being performed on the caught exception.  Create a separate catch clause for this exception type.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/util/ComplexFormatAbstractTest.java:328:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'cf'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/util/ComplexFormatAbstractTest.java:330:	AvoidInstanceofChecksInCatchClause:	An instanceof check is being performed on the caught exception.  Create a separate catch clause for this exception type.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/util/ComplexFormatAbstractTest.java:375:	UnusedLocalVariable:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'formatted'.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/util/ComplexFormatAbstractTest.java:377:	AvoidInstanceofChecksInCatchClause:	An instanceof check is being performed on the caught exception.  Create a separate catch clause for this exception type.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/legacy/util/TestBean.java:68:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody:	Document empty method body
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/maxima/special/RealFunctionValidation/RealFunctionValidation.java:37:	NoPackage:	All classes, interfaces, enums and annotations must belong to a named package
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/maxima/special/RealFunctionValidation/RealFunctionValidation.java:37:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/maxima/special/RealFunctionValidation/RealFunctionValidation.java:50:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/maxima/special/RealFunctionValidation/RealFunctionValidation.java:125:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/maxima/special/RealFunctionValidation/RealFunctionValidation.java:127:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/maxima/special/RealFunctionValidation/RealFunctionValidation.java:129:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/maxima/special/RealFunctionValidation/RealFunctionValidation.java:131:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/maxima/special/RealFunctionValidation/RealFunctionValidation.java:133:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/maxima/special/RealFunctionValidation/RealFunctionValidation.java:135:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/maxima/special/RealFunctionValidation/RealFunctionValidation.java:137:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/maxima/special/RealFunctionValidation/RealFunctionValidation.java:139:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	Position literals first in String comparisons
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/maxima/special/RealFunctionValidation/RealFunctionValidation.java:189:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/maxima/special/RealFunctionValidation/RealFunctionValidation.java:222:	UnnecessarySemicolon:	Unnecessary semicolon
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/maxima/special/RealFunctionValidation/RealFunctionValidation.java:327:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this DataInputStream object are closed after use
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/maxima/special/RealFunctionValidation/RealFunctionValidation.java:329:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this DataOutputStream object are closed after use
commons-math/commons-math-legacy/src/test/maxima/special/RealFunctionValidation/RealFunctionValidation.java:350:	CloseResource:	Ensure that resources like this FileInputStream object are closed after use
commons-math/commons-math-neuralnet/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/neuralnet/Network.java:47:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ConcurrentHashMap'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-neuralnet/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/neuralnet/Network.java:54:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ConcurrentHashMap'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-neuralnet/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/neuralnet/oned/NeuronString.java:191:	MissingOverride:	The method 'finalize()' is missing an @Override annotation.
commons-math/commons-math-neuralnet/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/neuralnet/oned/NeuronString.java:191:	EmptyFinalizer:	Avoid empty finalize methods
commons-math/commons-math-neuralnet/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/neuralnet/sofm/KohonenUpdateAction.java:114:	LooseCoupling:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashSet'; use the interface instead
commons-math/commons-math-neuralnet/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/neuralnet/sofm/util/ExponentialDecayFunction.java:87:	MissingOverride:	The method 'finalize()' is missing an @Override annotation.
commons-math/commons-math-neuralnet/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/neuralnet/sofm/util/ExponentialDecayFunction.java:87:	EmptyFinalizer:	Avoid empty finalize methods
commons-math/commons-math-neuralnet/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/neuralnet/sofm/util/QuasiSigmoidDecayFunction.java:89:	MissingOverride:	The method 'finalize()' is missing an @Override annotation.
commons-math/commons-math-neuralnet/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/neuralnet/sofm/util/QuasiSigmoidDecayFunction.java:89:	EmptyFinalizer:	Avoid empty finalize methods
commons-math/commons-math-neuralnet/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/neuralnet/twod/NeuronSquareMesh2D.java:454:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	Return an empty collection rather than null.
commons-math/commons-math-neuralnet/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/neuralnet/twod/NeuronSquareMesh2D.java:822:	MissingOverride:	The method 'finalize()' is missing an @Override annotation.
commons-math/commons-math-neuralnet/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/neuralnet/twod/NeuronSquareMesh2D.java:822:	EmptyFinalizer:	Avoid empty finalize methods
commons-math/commons-math-neuralnet/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/neuralnet/twod/util/LocationFinder.java:108:	MissingOverride:	The method 'finalize()' is missing an @Override annotation.
commons-math/commons-math-neuralnet/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/neuralnet/twod/util/LocationFinder.java:108:	EmptyFinalizer:	Avoid empty finalize methods
commons-math/commons-math-neuralnet/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/neuralnet/NeuronTest.java:49:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	Use equals() to compare object references.
commons-math/commons-math-neuralnet/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/neuralnet/twod/NeuronSquareMesh2DTest.java:694:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-neuralnet/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/neuralnet/twod/NeuronSquareMesh2DTest.java:700:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-neuralnet/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/neuralnet/twod/NeuronSquareMesh2DTest.java:706:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-neuralnet/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/neuralnet/twod/NeuronSquareMesh2DTest.java:712:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/ComplexTransform.java:39:	MissingOverride:	The method 'apply(Complex[])' is missing an @Override annotation.
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/FastCosineTransform.java:184:	LambdaCanBeMethodReference:	Lambda expression could be written as a method reference: `this::fct`
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/FastHadamardTransform.java:316:	LambdaCanBeMethodReference:	Lambda expression could be written as a method reference: `this::fht`
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/main/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/FastSineTransform.java:191:	LambdaCanBeMethodReference:	Lambda expression could be written as a method reference: `this::fst`
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/FastCosineTransformerTest.java:39:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/FastCosineTransformerTest.java:139:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/FastCosineTransformerTest.java:222:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/FastCosineTransformerTest.java:229:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/FastCosineTransformerTest.java:236:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/FastFourierTransformerTest.java:146:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/FastFourierTransformerTest.java:297:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/FastFourierTransformerTest.java:313:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/FastFourierTransformerTest.java:335:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/FastHadamardTransformerTest.java:68:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/FastSineTransformerTest.java:39:	UnnecessaryAnnotationValueElement:	Avoid the use of value in annotations when its the only element
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/FastSineTransformerTest.java:149:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/FastSineTransformerTest.java:188:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/FastSineTransformerTest.java:281:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/FastSineTransformerTest.java:288:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/FastSineTransformerTest.java:295:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/RealTransformerAbstractTest.java:150:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/RealTransformerAbstractTest.java:174:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/RealTransformerAbstractTest.java:198:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/commons-math-transform/src/test/java/org/apache/commons/math4/transform/RealTransformerAbstractTest.java:222:	EmptyCatchBlock:	Avoid empty catch blocks
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/ClusterAlgorithmComparison.java:61:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/ExampleUtils.java:38:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/ExampleUtils.java:58:	MissingOverride:	The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/ExampleUtils.java:62:	MissingOverride:	The method 'actionPerformed(ActionEvent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/ExampleUtils.java:79:	MissingOverride:	The method 'actionPerformed(ActionEvent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/FastMathTestPerformance.java:26:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/FastMathTestPerformance.java:651:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'SM' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/FastMathTestPerformance.java:652:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'M' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/FastMathTestPerformance.java:653:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'FM' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/LowDiscrepancyGeneratorComparison.java:51:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/LowDiscrepancyGeneratorComparison.java:96:	OneDeclarationPerLine:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/LowDiscrepancyGeneratorComparison.java:182:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	Switch statements should be exhaustive, add a default case (or missing enum branches)
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/filter/CannonballExample.java:28:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.apache.commons.rng.UniformRandomProvider'
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/filter/CannonballExample.java:53:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/filter/CannonballExample.java:147:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/filter/CannonballExample.java:163:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'B' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/filter/CannonballExample.java:180:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'H' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/filter/CannonballExample.java:203:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'Q' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/filter/CannonballExample.java:206:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'R' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/filter/ConstantVoltageExample.java:28:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.apache.commons.rng.UniformRandomProvider'
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/filter/ConstantVoltageExample.java:53:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/filter/ConstantVoltageExample.java:101:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'A' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/filter/ConstantVoltageExample.java:104:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'B' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/filter/ConstantVoltageExample.java:107:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'H' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/filter/ConstantVoltageExample.java:113:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'Q' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/filter/ConstantVoltageExample.java:116:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The final local variable name 'P0' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/filter/ConstantVoltageExample.java:119:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	The local variable name 'R' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/genetics/HelloWorldExample.java:40:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/genetics/HelloWorldExample.java:76:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	This if statement can be replaced by `return {condition};`
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/genetics/HelloWorldExample.java:168:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	This class has only private constructors and may be final
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/genetics/ImageEvolutionExample.java:69:	UseUtilityClass:	This utility class has a non-private constructor
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/genetics/ImageEvolutionExample.java:86:	AvoidUsingVolatile:	Use of modifier volatile is not recommended.
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/genetics/ImageEvolutionExample.java:90:	SingularField:	Perhaps 'referenceImage' could be replaced by a local variable.
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/genetics/ImageEvolutionExample.java:91:	SingularField:	Perhaps 'testImage' could be replaced by a local variable.
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/genetics/ImageEvolutionExample.java:128:	MissingOverride:	The method 'actionPerformed(ActionEvent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/genetics/ImageEvolutionExample.java:160:	MissingOverride:	The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/genetics/ImageEvolutionExample.java:187:	MissingOverride:	The method 'getPreferredSize()' is missing an @Override annotation.
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/genetics/ImageEvolutionExample.java:201:	MissingOverride:	The method 'paint(Graphics)' is missing an @Override annotation.
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/genetics/Polygon.java:24:	UnnecessaryImport:	Unused import 'org.apache.commons.rng.simple.RandomSource'
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/genetics/PolygonChromosome.java:96:	AssignmentInOperand:	Avoid assignments in operands
commons-math/src/userguide/java/org/apache/commons/math4/userguide/genetics/PolygonChromosome.java:106:	UselessParentheses:	Useless parentheses.
